tidb-in-kubernetes: add doc to restart tidb components on k8s (#1759)
pingcap/docs: dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/maintain/restart.md

---
title: Restart TiDB Cluster in Kubernetes
summary: Learn how to restart the TiDB cluster in the Kubernetes cluster.
category: how-to
---

# Restart TiDB Cluster in Kubernetes

This document describes how to forcibly restart the TiDB cluster in the Kubernetes cluster, including restarting a Pod, restarting all Pods of a component, and restarting all Pods of the TiDB cluster.

> **Note:**
>
> TiDB Operator v1.0.x only supports restarting the Pod in a forcible way.
>

> > - If the PD Pod being restarted is the PD Leader, its leadership does not automatically shift, causing the PD service to pause momentarily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If the PD Pod being restarted is the PD Leader, its leadership does not automatically shift, causing the PD service to be unavailable momentarily.
```

> > - If the TiKV Pod being restarted contains a Region Leader of the TiKV cluster, its leadership does not automatically shift, causing the request for accessing the corresponding data to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If the TiKV Pod being restarted contains a Region Leader of the TiKV cluster, its leadership does not automatically shift, causing the requests of accessing the corresponding data to fail.
```

> > - Restarting the TiDB Pod causes the request for accessing this Pod to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Restarting the TiDB Pod causes the requests of accessing this Pod to fail.
```
